fix: update visibility check with overflow: hidden and element on the edge (#27586)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- See the ../guides/writing-the-cypress-changelog.md for details on writing the changelog. -->
## 13.3.4

_Released 11/7/2023 (PENDING)_

**Bugfixes:**

> - Fixed an issue where an element's visibility would return visible when it was actually hidden. Fixes [#27514](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/27514).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue determining visibility when an element is hidden by an ancestor with a shared edge. Fixes [#27514](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/27514).
```
